ERILYN LE — COMPLETE LOCAL PORTFOLIO

1. Extract the ZIP before opening any pages.
2. Open erilynle-local/index.html in your browser.
3. Keep the HTML files, CSS files, and assets folder together.

No installation, local server, internet connection, JavaScript, animation, or platform account is needed to display the pages. All images and fonts are bundled locally.

PAGES
index.html — Homepage
about.html — About
norcal-furniture.html — NorCal Furniture
fanimecon.html — Fanime Con
access-magazine.html — Access Magazine
graphinion.html — Graphinion
sjsu-esports.html — SJSU Esports

LOCAL LINK EXAMPLE
<a href="norcal-furniture.html">NorCal Furniture</a>

EDITING
Edit each HTML file to change its text and links.
styles.css controls the shared header, footer, homepage, and base colors.
pages.css controls the six additional page layouts.
fonts.css loads the bundled fonts from assets/.
The assets/ folder contains 57 image files and four font files. Images have descriptive page-based filenames.

WHAT WAS RECREATED
The homepage from the previous static version, plus six additional pages reconstructed from the published page files referenced by the uploaded homepage. Original text and artwork were reused. Moving galleries were replaced by static image layouts, and all seven portfolio page destinations were changed to relative HTML links. Gallery frame overlays that serve only the original animation are not displayed separately. Responsive layouts use ordinary CSS.

Original text, metrics, and dated biography information were retained rather than updated. Where the Graphinion page had conflicting role text across screen-size variants, its Graphic Designer variant was used.

The Resume and LinkedIn links still point to their original external destinations. Email links open your email app. The original LinkedIn destination is the LinkedIn feed; change it to your profile URL if desired.

VALIDATION
All seven pages are reachable from index.html. Local links, internal anchors, image files, and font references were checked. Images passed file-integrity checks. There are no scripts, video elements, animations, or external resources required to render the pages.

The live custom-domain pages timed out, so this is a static reconstruction from the available published source and assets, not a pixel-for-pixel browser-verified copy.
